Fix and clarify `disabled recovery` properties in CreatingOutfits.md (#55)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingOutfits.md

  * `"hull threshold"`: a hull value that gets added or subtracted from the result of either the default equation or the threshold percentage equation, whichever is used.

> * Some ships have the ability to repair themselves after being disabled. This process occurs after some times has passed since the ship was disabled and can have energy and fuel costs. This process is not affected by a ship being overheated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Some ships can repair themselves after being disabled. This process occurs some time after the ship was disabled and can have energy and fuel costs. This process is not affected by a ship being overheated.
```

  * `"hull threshold"`: a hull value that gets added or subtracted from the result of either the default equation or the threshold percentage equation, whichever is used.

> * Some ships have the ability to repair themselves (after a certain amount of time) once the ship is disabled. The `"disabled recovery time"` attribute gives the number of frames it takes for a disabled ship to repair itself. Self-repair can have costs, which are applied after the timer elapses. If costs cannot be met (energy or fuel), the repair is postponed until they can. Note that overheating does not affect self-repair. The possible costs are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Some ships have the ability to repair themselves (after a certain amount of time) once the ship is disabled. The `"disabled recovery time"` attribute gives the number of frames it takes for a disabled ship to repair itself. Self-repair can have costs, which are applied after the timer elapses. If the costs cannot be met (energy or fuel), the repair is postponed until they can. Note that overheating does not affect self-repair. The possible costs are:
```

> * Some ships have the ability to repair themselves (after a certain amount of time) once the ship is disabled. The `"disabled recovery time"` attribute gives the number of frames it takes for a disabled ship to repair itself. Self-repair can have costs, which are applied after the timer elapses. If the costs cannot be met (energy or fuel), the repair is postponed until they can. Note that overheating does not affect self-repair. The possible costs are:

Reviewer: The first attribute should still have its own line that it appears at the beginning of.
This first sentence also just doesn't seem very good to read. "Some ships have the ability to repair themselves once the ship is disabled." First referring to ships in plural, including by a pronoun, but then singular.

```suggestion
* Some ships have the ability to repair themselves after being disabled. This process occurs after some times has passed since the ship was disabled and can have energy and fuel costs. This process is not affected by a ship being overheated.

  * `"disabled recovery time"`: the number of frames after becoming disabled a ship must wait before it can recover on its own, if sufficient energy and fuel are available.
```

Also, all the subsequent lines should have a colon after the attribute name and the description should not begin with a capital letter.

> * Some ships have the ability to repair themselves (after a certain amount of time) once the ship is disabled. The `"disabled recovery time"` attribute gives the number of frames it takes for a disabled ship to repair itself. Self-repair could have some costs, which are applied once after the timer elapses. If costs can not be met (energy or fuel), the repair is postponed until they can. Note that overheating does not affect self-repair. The possible costs are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Some ships have the ability to repair themselves (after a certain amount of time) once the ship is disabled. The `"disabled recovery time"` attribute gives the number of frames it takes for a disabled ship to repair itself. Self-repair can have costs, which are applied after the timer elapses. If costs cannot be met (energy or fuel), the repair is postponed until they can. Note that overheating does not affect self-repair. The possible costs are:
```
